May 4, 2017
	Took AP Test. Not in class.

May 5, 2017
	Today, we changed our project idea and proceed with the RPG idea.
	Goals: Create character creation screen.
	
May 6, 2017
	Finished setting up a demo file to run game.
	
May 8, 2017 
	Today I created a clickable graphic starting screen and linked it to the character screen.
	Goals: Change starting screen into the character creation screen. Start on what character the 
	player wants.
	
May 9, 2017
	Today I debugged the starting screen and added keylistener into the gui. Also, I made interfaces player 
	into the package.
	Goals: Complete the Player interface. Assist the enemy interface. Begin sprite drawing.
	
May 10, 2017
	Today I continued completing the Player interface and decided the stats of the player.
	Goals: Complete the Player interface. Assist the enemy interface. Begin sprite drawing.
	
May 11, 2017
	Today I worked with Hao to create the stats of the character and the level up system. We also created a default 
	move for the play to use. We attempted to work on the Enemy's moves and battle system.
	Goals: Assist Enemy interface. Begin sprite drawing. Plan out character customizing screen.

May 12, 2017
	Today I worked and discussed with Hao about the enemy monster class. Also, I planned out and drew out stage 6 of the whole 
	game. 
	Goals: Assist Enemy interface. Begin sprite drawing. Plan out character customizing screen.
	Homework: Draw the map of stage 4.
	
May 15, 2017
	Today I worked with Hao to finish the monster class. Although it doesn't have many moves, we are slowing 
	building it. Also, be begun the battle class, where the player and monster battle.
	Goals: Finish battle class. Begin sprite drawing. Finish battle concepts.
	
May 16, 2017
	Today I worked on making sprite sheets for the background. I am using the sample sprite sheet as a reference.
	Goals: Design the characters. Finish battle class.
	
May 17, 2017
	Today I worked with Hao in the the Battle class. We had to debug it. We are going to take the direction of the attack and
	the damage done in account. 
	Goals: Correctly fix the Battle class. Draw character sprites.
	
May 22, 2017
	Today I worked with Hao and changed the Battle class. We are going to turn the current battle into a turned
	based battle using the "wait" instead of "sleep"
	Goals: Do the Battle class. Debuggg the Battle class.
	
May 23, 2017
	Today I worked with Hao and added a turn based battle to the game. We want to add multiple monsters and direction of attack.
	We also want to make the hud menu to pop up and disappear when "enter" is pressed.
	Goals: Code the Character Class so it can be merged with Joey's classes.
	
May 24, 2017
	Today Hao and I worked on the CreateYourOwnCharacterAndWeaponScreen. We made it so the player can choose the 
	gender. Later, we will allow the player to create a name. We are deciding if we need to make that a new 
	screen or not.
	Goals: Continue the Character Class.
	
May 25, 2017
	Today Hao and I worked on the Name creation page. We made is so the player can type their name on the screen and 
	updates. We also inputted a new GUI.
	Goals: Finaish the Character Class. Add the previous additions to the NEW GUI.
	
May 26, 2017
	Today I finished the Name creation page and forced the player to enter a name between 3-12 character,
	or else it will force clear it. I created the next screen, "Jobs", so the player can pick their stats. I also
	put back the cursor picture.
	Goals: Finish the Job Class. Make some animated screens
	
May 30, 2017
	Today Hao and I continued to work on the battle class. Completed the character creation screen.
	Goals: Finish the battle system. Make animated screens
	
May 31, 2017 
	Today Hao and I continued to work on the battle class. We created the battle menu and the "dummy" moves the player will
	have. We are planning to add moves as the player levels up.
	Goals: Finish the battle system. Make Graphics.
	
June 1, 2017
	Today Hao and I almost finished the battle class. We made a "pop-up" menu for the player to use. We have to wait for joey
	to finish merging both classes.
	Goals: Start getting sprites, character, and other pictures.

June 2, 2017
	Today Hao, Danial, and I looked on the internet to find sprites for the monsters and player. 
	Goals: Download the sprites and code the attack movies
	
June 5, 2017
	Today Hao and I edited sprites
	Goals: edit sprites